MMM Mode NEWS -- history of user-visible changes.  -*-outline-*-
Copyright (C) 2000 Michael Abraham Shulman
See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

Please send MMM Mode bug reports to mas@kurukshetra.cjb.net

* Changes in MMM Mode 0.3.8

** IMPORTANT: Default key bindings have changed.

The MMM Mode commands, including interactive MMM-ification and
re-parsing buffer regions, are now bound by default to key sequences
of the form `C-c % C-<letter>', rather than `C-c % <letter>' as
in previous versions.  Key sequences of the form `C-c % <letter>' are
now reserved for submode region insertion.  The old behavior can be
restored by setting the variable `mmm-use-old-command-keys' to a
non-nil value before MMM Mode is loaded--then insertion commands are
bound to `C-c % C-<letter>' sequences.

** New Global Mode added

MMM Global Mode can now turn MMM Mode on automatically in all buffers,
or only in buffers that have associated submode classes.  It replaces
the previous function `mmm-add-find-file-hook', which still works for
now.  A side effect of this change is that it is no longer necessary
to use `mmm-add-mode-ext-class': `mmm-mode-ext-classes-alist' can be
modified directly.

The hack used by MMM Global Mode to insinuate itself into all buffers
is different from, but vaguely similar to, the one used by FSF Emacs'
Global Font Lock Mode.  In order that future writers of global modes
don't have to reinvent the wheel, MMM Global Mode provides the hook
`mmm-major-mode-hook' which is run (in theory) whenever a major mode
starts up.  Perhaps in future this will be provided in a separate
package.

** Automatic submode region insertion commands

Submode classes can now define skeletons for automatic insertion of
submode regions with delimiters.  For example, when using the Mason
class, the key sequence `C-c % %' will (by default) insert the text
`<% -!- %>' with point where indicated and submode region already
present.  These commands also wrap around words as described in the
documentation of `skeleton-insert'.

** Info Documentation File

MMM Mode now has an (admittedly incomplete) manual in Texinfo format.
It can be found in the files `mmm.info' or `mmm.texinfo' in the
distribution.

** Automatic Installation

MMM Mode now uses GNU automake/autoconf for ease of installation.  See
the files README and INSTALL for more information.

** Changed submode class specification format

This change affects only people who define their own submode classes.
The format for defining submode classes has changed; it now uses
keyword arguments for clarity and has a few more possible arguments,
including skeletons for submode region insertion.
